[Laughter]
[Music]
k
[Laughter] [
Music] [Music]
[Music]
Oh Oh
[Laughter]
[Music] [
Laughter] [
Music]
[Laughter] [
Music] [Laughter
] [
Applause] [
Music] [
Laughter] [Music]
k
[Applause] [
Music] [
Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter] [Music
]
[Music]
k
Oh [Music] Oh [Music]
ah Oh [Music]
H Oh
[Music]
P
a
[Music]
and [
Music] a
[Music] H [Music
] a
[Music] [Music]
P
[Music]
a
what I thought that of loving already  There was no such thing
as kisses being given away on
any
corner I thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have
you I saw you in
exciting you and
[Music]
I win the game
time
[Music]
but and I ask Every day that your soul be my
guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
me
Oh if the world separates I'll stay
with you if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you I don't even remember the
songs I remember my mother I'm
terrible Cos when I smile I turn around
and I'm with you with
you investing my life in
exciting you and
I let's go there my
Carmelita I will win the game the time that
was lost
[Music]
that my guide until the last kiss that says
goodbye
is and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me H Let's go
How is my conchi tarantula
beautiful we are here we are staying not
at least once  week at least a
week
[Music]
and Jai Why don't you present yourself Eurovision
good idea man good idea you shouldn't
leave anything untried in life
[Music]
of course I ask Every day that you be my guide
Tom let's go Smurf
always being able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me What's up great night I can't wait to
be here with you all I had the
computer directly okay I mean the
computer all the Setup everything everything is right
now you just saw me plugging
things in I didn't have everything unplugged
literally all the cables removed I
mean literally I had everything
unplugged since
I don't know Pili a kiss well for
10 days now At least not Sure 10
days at least I mean today is Wednesday
no I mean I'm going back to I
'm going back to doing this
multiverse called Seville
okay I just went through I just crossed
well go through cross I just crossed the
planet
family I just I just crossed the planet I
owe you many explanations I hadn't
warned you great idea tarantula
totally totally I just crossed the
planet But what just happened
family But what just happened what was that what was that that
just happened
What madness no And what joy within the
bad that is happening No what madness And
what joy I know that I give you many
explanations come on Talking now
calmly we are not in a hurry okay eh
I have a
bit I'm a bit like I have a cold
when you see me that I do this when you
see me that I do this
look okay Ugh I'm not doing cocaine
or anything like that it's that eh I had a
nose job before going to
Granada I don't know if you remember I don't know if you got
the drift I mean I had a
nose job days later I got out of the way I
went to Granada okay for the face for the
face well Granada well for the face I didn't
deserve it no because not everything is always going to be
eh work and we were looking forward to it the
truth after the last vacation
Elena A kiss a kiss Oh today is not n my
Elena today I haven't heard anything about my
Elena I don't know if she will
appear let's see let's
see we were left wanting
welcome we have been bad you
know well you have been almost everything
time with us
no well I think so tarantula I think this
nose operation is
helping but the truth is I don't know if it's
the drops I don't know if it's the drops I don't
know if it's but I feel like I have a really
bad cold but the ENT
doctor Juan masa Juan masa already warned me to look him up on
social media he's the best ENT doctor in
Andalusia and I don't know if it's worth it in Spain but
look him up and follow him on Instagram and
Twitter let's see The Move It's that I
needed surgery Okay I needed to have
surgery on my nose because even though
I had surgery a year and a half ago I still did
n't notice much of a difference in my
breathing so I needed
surgery a little deeper
ok a little deeper basically
like yes like widening the walls not to let
the air in honestly the the
operation went quite well ok I
felt quite well the next day
right at night maybe a little bit
but not much at all very little Thing I'm going to see
if the audio is okay
tell me okay the audio is
perfect and the whole thing
and the operation went very well and for the
days following the operation well you
know  that I had a getaway with
Lorena a getaway with Lorena who by the
way we have been in Granada from
here how many people are from Granada around
here to see raise my little hand so I can see
remove the turbinates and adenoids no
monce they haven't removed them because they say
that if they remove me I don't know what he says he
explained to me like he was going little by little because
if he did it all at once it could
create an irreversible sensation that
I wouldn't like that I might not like
So if I'm already fine in this it will
stay like this okay But let's say I feel
better what happens is that it's true that I do
n't know if it's the drops the cream Or the
Iberian climate of the sanctuary in Thailand
okay that it itches my nose itches a lot
But anyway the other nose already warned me
that I was going to feel like like
[ __ ] no Look you can see Even my eyes are
loaded from sneezing so much okay I had
a little getaway to see How many look look there are
people from Granada saying hello
Look Maria Jesus thank you very much
thank you Maria Jesus How are you How are you
really How are you  tell me
what you've done, not only am I
going to tell you, I don't have
many interesting things to tell you, I'm
going to give you some
exclusives. I went to Granada, beautiful
Granada, man, can you believe it, can you
believe
that I've never been to Granada.
Except for Sierra Nevada, I've never
been to Granada. I
deserve a fine, at the very least,
an embargo or something like that. Okay, what a
beautiful city, eh? I haven't been able to
see the whole city, obviously, we were there for two
nights, three days, and we were there. I think
a little more of the typical downtown area. Okay, what
have you seen in the photos? I mean, the the What's it
called, Gordi, where is the
balcony that you see?
The fence? No, I mean, we were looking at this
main street, I don't remember
what it was called, where the
town hall is. Also, no, to see the fence
as such. No, Eva Mara, I stopped at the fence
when I was coming back from Sierra Nevada
last year. But there was Columbus. There was Columbus.
Mara Jess, thank you very much, darling. A kiss,
Christmas, it's beautiful. Yes,
Malaguea, well, I'll go. Of course,
because the truth is that it's only two hours
and a bit.  way and look how
beautiful it is, you have to see how handsome eh Let's see, I could
swear you're there with Seville Eh
well I wouldn't even know if the
center, the San
Nicols viewpoint is there, hand in hand with
Seville eh I'm telling you seriously for
me to say that Ugh, Albaicn Aurora, it was for
me to say that, wow
eh for me to say that, wow okay,
well, the thing that I had with Lorena,
the little getaway planned Because look,
my father decided, he told me, my father
had been there on a trip, he
had also gone to my sister's and he said, I know
that the kids are here, one night I say,
one night I don't do anything, Leave the two of them and I
left, we didn't go on a getaway
because we also wanted to eh And we were
talking about [ __ ] around to see if we could
get away But not just the two of us
and look here the
Lores and the Paseo de los
Trisos are telling me something, man, what's up, mior? You're one of the
best there is, you know how to be a friend to your
friends, but you know, Sister Cotilla, that I
have to be on the ball, that I  I do
n't fail a kiss beautiful Hey we have to have
a chat eh we have to
call
a chat not this week we have to get
up we are proud of you Javi we
take our hats off to you a round of
applause a kiss I have survived eh Chari
listen to me now I'll tell you in detail
But well I have survived We are already here we are already here
back we are already
here back no way
tarantula no No no Fran takes care of me very
well super well There is the neighborhood it is not a
neighborhood it is a town no aroa it is a town no well
no Of course a town how is it going to be if it
is very close to the center Ah Well I would
swear someone mentioned
town to me it is a neighborhood Or it is a town family it is a neighborhood town
area let's see it is very close to the
center I don't think it is a town no I don't think not a
neighborhood neighborhood okay well So I had this we had
this planned
exactly
If my memory serves me Wednesday and
Thursday
eh Wednesday and Thursday and return on
Friday okay two nights leave on
Wednesday and return on Friday no don't
worry come back on Friday calmly
Okay what is happening well what is happening
this problem that Fran had
eh Let's see I had a  idea of this
situation but H if I tell you the truth it
caught me a bit by surprise that it
suddenly escalated like that I mean it wasn't
sudden for him but it was a bit
sudden in the sense that
eh I thought and I was calm
no I mean like I didn't even
give the subject any importance
and that this wouldn't happen the truth is I
thought it wasn't going to happen but well
Fran started to
comment on it
And of course let's see some
rabble who has lived in Narnia okay has
n't found out Practically the
situation can be summed up in that
Francoa has several of her properties
let's say all not almost all in
Yuji's name with the idea that obviously
this will be passed on to
the children's names as they come of
age tomorrow or
whatever not basically with all the
confidence in the world as much as
when suddenly one of us who
surely at some point has
put the car in your father's name or has
put the
apartment I don't know In your husband's name and
you haven't put it I know when there is
complete confidence no Well that's what  what
happens in the end we are talking about the
mother of his son with whom despite being
separated for many years there was
a fairly strong and
important union no I mean if they are people who have
not left the bad ones well it was
quite unthinkable that something like that would happen
quite unthinkable that
something like that would happen The thing is that in Thailand
If you are not Thai eh Despite the fact
that you have been living there for many years and
such they have a thing that you
cannot own land I mean you no you
cannot be the owner of a land okay
If you are not Thai
totally then nothing happens nothing puts it in
Yuji's name And this is not let's see
This is already in itself I know that Yuji has spoken
let's see what Yuji said
okay But well when Fran tells it
I try to turn it over in my head no and
say well let's see we don't have
her perspective what could be
her version what could be
her version What is the perspective will
Fran be covering it up in some way but of
course there are videos of why the
sanctuary is not ancient there are many people
who think that the sanctuary  Fran's
is from all his life, we're not going to see Fran
had the
shelter well he had and he still has it, its
name is Yuji The
Shelter is also worth it What happens is that
well Fran has dedicated herself to recording
the series not about the animals he hasn't
had his he has dedicated himself to veterinary medicine and
all that stuff and and Fran made the shelter
if I'm not mistaken 5 years I
would say well four four okay he bought
the land and little by little he is
transforming it into what it is which is a
very special place no eh It's not the same
A shelter as the sanctuary it's not even
a zoo because I've seen
a lot of silly people say that that is a
zoo or a Safari where people
can pay to go there to see the animals
and to see Fran as if it were
Disneyland and and you stand there in the
photocall taking pictures with Fran as if he
were Mickey Mouse okay let's see the sanctuary
basically it collects
animals you know the word sanctuary not
the the the word itself Yeah you
already know what it means the
animals go there to die or rather they
go there to have the best
possible life that can be given to them but  They are
animals that are not the same as in the
shelter, the idea is that, for
example, one that has had an accident, or
something has happened to it, to recover it and
return it to its habitat or or where it
belongs or where it can,
but the sanctuary basically
stays there, they are animals that for whatever reason
cannot be returned because they were
born there or whatever, it's okay about the
issue of paying money to go to the
sanctuary, eh, it's not that money is paid
to go to the sanctuary, okay, there are some
contributions and there are collaborations
that can be made and well, they
try to compensate with this thing, not that
you can stay there for a couple of
nights and they show you what they do and
such, you meet Fran and all that stuff, but
no, it's not a Safari, okay, and also
with that you help because that
costs a lot of money. Okay, that
costs a lot of money, the other day
I was seeing a lot of fools who
were saying,
eh, how good it is that Fran was
profiting, Yuji wanted his share, he had
an important business, Yuji wanted his
share, it's like, well, first, what part does
Yuji want from  something that is not hers nor nor nor does she
work on that thing nor is
hers nor anything, I mean it makes no sense,
nothing makes no sense, no one is
okay, eh And apart from that, eh Fran maintains the
sanctuary with YouTube with its members
Okay
and and he gives it Between that and what he's
collecting here the collaborations and
so on to go eh getting by, to see getting by.
No, it's not that he's not that he
needs money but it gives him to
maintain the sanctuary, I mean There
many animals are fed,
many animals are cared for, many animals are medicated,
eh I don't remember if they were water, you know, I
understand that he won't mind me saying it, there's
nothing wrong with it but in terms of water they'll spend maybe
3,000 or 4,000 bucks of
electricity another 4 or 5,000 bucks, I mean, they're
outrageous amounts Let's see,
we're talking about 37, 36
hectares, okay, I mean, I don't know, people
say no but the thing is, look, he profits
because he has it there for you to give it to him,
man, of course, man. Of course, if they need it,
no, but he pulls, okay.
In fact, there are  many things that maybe
people don't know because he's a bit of a
YouTuber and that's where you see if you
know Fran a little bit, not the fact that he
's not a person who wants more money
than he
needs, I experienced that being
there and I can say it myself, but if you
don't trust
me, you have thousands of examples. Like for
example,
eh, do you know who El Rubius is? Oh,
what a cataret,
eh, what a
catarte. Thank you very much Sara, darling. Thank you
very much,
queen. Thank you very much. Let's see, Alicia. Do you
know who El Rubius is? Okay, well,
El Rubius is one of the most
important Spanish-speaking YouTubers, not from
Spain, Spanish-speaking. Okay, he did a
charity event, some charity live shows
to raise money, I don't remember exactly
what it was, if it was an extendable or
something like that, okay, he raised money. I don't
remember how much money, but it was the same
between, I'm speaking from memory, eh, I don't know
if it was tens of thousands of euros, I don't know
if it was, but I think it was an amount
between 50 and 100,000, it wasn't for, okay. In total,
that he didn't know where to donate it
when he raised that money I don't remember
if it was an extendable Or what it was
and he said Ah to Fran it costs someone who
has and he said Rubius I'm going to give it to him Fran
contacted Fran To offer to give him
that donation I've been talking to you for a
couple of years Ofelia Thank you very much beautiful
and FR told him no this I've been
talking to you for a couple of years
the clips are around there Okay and FR told him no
that he didn't want the money that he didn't
need it to try to see if there was
another uh another cause that needed it
because at that time he didn't
need it with what he earned he kept
this Such or rather he's not a person who
wants money or rather he's happy there in his
world of animals you know what he
wants is the money he needs to
maintain that and so that
his family doesn't lack anything also his
children okay uh we'll see things
okay Let's see things But
anyway I trusted that maybe
this woman would have a more or
less
logical explanation I know that she would give us at
least super weight no  Hey hey maybe
Fran is right or she is right but
the other guy sees things from his own point
of view okay So I saw him
overwhelmed I saw him overwhelmed the
truth is a day passed two days passed
and I saw him overwhelmed I saw him
overwhelmed overwhelmed and sad in the tone
of these I already know the grandfather a little
and I was going around in circles I was
going around in circles the truth and I said what the [ __ ]
can we do man I mean it
was in our hands no let's
see I stopped thinking okay at night I
stopped thinking
and let's see We are a lot of people
eh It's true the nose Oy I'm sorry eh
if I make strange noises forgive me today
today tomorrow I passed
okay You know let's see I say well let's see We are a
lot of people he also moves a lot of
people I think the idea that I had was I say
if I go
there I fit in there
and I start working all day I mean like
the first idea was how to do it
irl irl it's unreal Live it's live
all the time imagine
eh I was thinking about buying a little bit like that
some things no and a  little team or
whatever to do it right okay imagine
Hey, what do you have to do? Well, look,
you have to clean the goats, so I'll
go there and clean the goats, eh And
then you have to make a hole. I don't know,
put a hole, no, but I mean, work
for x days, get there to work and
doing irl throughout the sanctuary, okay
And that everyone was Well,
seeing the sanctuary, me Look, here you have
a tree and here you have a grass and
here you have water, okay, something like that, I'm not saying, I think that, let's
see, I think that something, something
had to go that way,
okay, something had to go that
way, but in the end, look, after so
many years, it's true that on
some occasions I've had a little
stroke of luck, not in which something
has gone well for me and I've earned x
money with something,
imagine, with cryptocurrencies, not
some video that has exploded No,
but from a normal family, from
normal, if you want something, if you need something,
okay, in the end you have to
work the land, he bought it when he
was with Yui, what a vappa goes
Fran and Yui haven't been together since  before
jail What happens is that when
they put her in jail she is obviously
the mother of his children and she is his
trusted person no And he Fran when Yui
was in jail those almost 7 years 6
years and a bit okay he was in jail he would
get up at dawn he would go to the
jail where he was the other day in a
video I said like 3 hours away but because I was
wrong about the sanctuary I hooked up with
the sanctuary but it was Bangkok it was
Bangkok it wasn't It was good but a couple of
hours yes eh a couple of hours yes it was a
couple of hours every day that in the end damn
going and coming back is 4 hours that you are
in the car every day every day
4 hours to take to
pay for her food in jail eh to take
care of her not so that nothing
bad would happen to her in jail so that she would be as
good as possible I don't know if I should buy her some
service or whatever okay in
total What do I know and I Lorena what do I do
Lorena and if I leave Lorena and I don't know what and
what do I
do but there are problems with that okay there is a
certain problem with that that didn't quite add up to me
no  I know if you're going to understand But
basically Of course if I
[ __ ] or my tesa has a hard time she's been
here all the time
eh You no longer have an excuse to accompany me
in K more than a year more alone than one there are
many good people and when you join it is
guaranteed success Well it's very good it's
very good I'm happy now I'll
tell you the result and such and it's very
good it's very good okay
eh I spoke with
Lorena Lorena what do I do I'm leaving I don't know what I don't
know how much pin Pam pin pum
eh That's where the shots go more than anything it's
worth an irl I don't know what I don't know how much and I do
n't know what to do it's too far away and
again over there I don't know what of course and he was
[ __ ] me with the he was [ __ ] the with also
with our escape okay so I
heard him hooked up in a live show the old man
all crazy all sad and the lor says if you're
going to do it Do it Don't think about it no
and I called him and he changed his tone I called him
and he changed his tone I called him I told him what do you have to
do Friday I'm going there I
change his tone the truth  Let's see eh
when
Friday let's see for me it's a thing
[Music]
eh it's a Let's see I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't
say anything I couldn't say
anything because he wanted me to go I
was crazy to say it eh I was
crazy to tell it but
Fran said let's not make a surprise
suddenly this appears here Okay, well, okay okay let's
see honestly I think it was the
best idea because I think
as
content it has given a lot of play and besides
I'm there with him no I
mean you have to be there you don't have to be there you have to be
no
and for me it was a thing
eh I don't know if you're going to understand me or you're going
to mess with me
eh I don't know if you're going to mess with me I don't know if he's
going to mess with me but for me it's
tough eh Because
eh Let's see I'm
very we at home we are very close
eh I mean we are very united at home and I
am very united with Lorena and I'm not
used to seeing you mess around Imagine
I know what a party let's go Uh okay and I'm
going for a weekend with some friends or
with some friends well we go out to
party it's nothing big no  Wow Barcelona
come on Let's go Uh Madrid whatever no
obviously that's not a problem no
but [ __ ] it's that I [ __ ] on its [ __ ]
mother Thailand but it's not that it's not that it's
Thailand dude It's not that it's Thailand
dude it's it's Thailand
Well it's the last ass in
Thailand We'll
talk later honey I'm live
a kiss I'll send you an
audio later tomorrow I'm exhausted I'm
exhausted eh It's that it's that it's the
[ __ ] ass
dude so you understand okay so you
understand It
's 5 hours Seville
Madrid and then the flights Well they're
between 15 and 20 hours depending on what's going on
and once you fit in the
airport of vankok 3 hours to
sanctuary yeah which is the best
eh And I say So far away without her
because the other time when I went
and the other time when I went you want to no
Although we do miss the children a lot
eh a kiss Beatriz gorgeous How are you
mm no no no I took it badly because it was the
first time you go with the illusion you go with the
nerves no eh
and also I  I leave the children with my
parents and it's as if I were there,
honestly. I mean, it's literally as if
I were there, I mean, as if it were me in
that sense. You know what happens? Since
she stays too, I mean, I'm alone,
eh, I'm alone, separating myself from her for so many
days, no matter how few days you want to
go, imagine three nights I haven't
stayed. Of course, but it's three nights. You have to
add two, for [ __ ] sake, piece. Just
a
kiss. You have to add two. eh. You have to
add two because it's 24 hours and
24 hours of travel. 24 hours there, 24
hours back. And on the way that
Friday, my world fell apart. I
mean, I was almost going to say Lorena
that I love you that I love you that I
almost that on the way to
Madrid I was going to turn back. eh, but
man, once we're there, it's cool, of
course.
Cool. It's just that, just let's see. I know that
there will be people around here who are
used to traveling and say, wow, how
stupid you are, but it's really cool and separating
from her for so long.  days Ugh so many days and so
far away eh Because if it were something like that I
know imagine I have a job in
Madrid they call me to work on the
radio and I have a job there and I have to
be there from Monday to school you know but well it had to be done I think it had to be done I think it had to be done
my
mother said to me Well then give him what
the ticket costs to him you know you donate it
no but I think I don't think it's not the
same I think the other thing is worth a lot more
eh Because you're there with him whether you like it or
not I think that for the content
to be the clown
eh I think it's better I think it's
better no I think that to give him
joy to give him a rush too and to
be the clown there five
days of live to fill up cco days
of live I think it's better not and that's it it's
passed eh it's been like 140
150,000 what has been achieved more
could not be and let's see let's see if it can be
solved with that it's a little bit missing but
well let's see yuji what plan let's see yuji what
plan Yeah let's see there were a lot of people also
telling me about donating but I think
that but it's not that it's worth more it's that I
think that whether you want it or
not it's better in every sense it's more
help to go there
you know I've also seen a lot
but obviously you know that I'm not
going to get into that not a lot of nonsense
a lot of fools no that they see everything you
do as bad and they tell you eh that I had left
Well yes Of course because there were people
criticizing like I'm uploading
videos okay
[Music]
eh there are still videos to upload there's
still a lot of content to upload there's a lot of content to upload
okay and there's a lot
of content to upload I don't
know how many videos we've uploaded because I
told the editor man I'll connect the
GoPro and the phone and you'll get
videos that I upload Between that and what you
see out there that's good for video
videos and you put that we're live
on Kino and so on there's also traffic but there's a
lot there's a lot of content there's
still a lot of content I think at
least two more videos two more videos are
going to come out and apart from that I have
two other videos that I have  recorded with Fran that I
keep here in the
drawer in case we need it someday they
are two videos that we
recorded impressive brutal okay If they are not
released if those two videos never come to light
but brutal I am not going to give you
clues as to what but two videos Well here they will
stay if not then I
will keep them in my heart those videos
but they are two videos of an hour each
brutal
Okay I upload video of course [ __ ] Of course I
upload videos who is going to be
in Thailand is not going to record videos or I mean It's not like I
was in Thailand Every
[ __ ] day really the idiot who
starts saying but it has been and and has
made benefits like a piece of
clown
eh if anything Maybe with the videos
that I upload with the videos that I can upload well
yeah man I'm not going to deny that
man it helps me a little to replenish a
little to compensate for the lack of day but
obviously to see how as economic
as economic I don't know if the people who
say that stop to think
even what a day of work of
mine means Well then to lose it for a
week to lose 7 days  about work I think that I think they
think that because I upload
a video eh or a video every day I get the
whole day's work back but besides it's not
even about money it wasn't
even economical for me the other time it
's not about economy guys there are things
that everything It's not about money and there are things that are
not done for money like how am I going to
go there and I'm not going to record myself with my
babysitter we're stupid that I'm not going to have
videos with the babysitter on my channel
and on Instagram we're
really stupid eh Yes yes Alvaro the ticket
costs a lot but I don't care I mean it
was what was needed and I saw that
I had to be there I mean I
felt
eh missed and here on my channel now I'm
going to say it I didn't say it the other day in
Fran's live but here I am going to
say it I would have
liked
more big streamers to have participated
the truth is I
felt like I was going to see more famous people
stopping by
because
eh [ __ ] when Fran goes viral and when he
's on a Prime everyone wants to
interview him and everyone  world is no longer
calling him because he's
bad at saying no to people you
know but they start giving me the
braa of Oh tell him Fran if he can
tell me I don't know what I don't know how much and now
is when you had to be a kiss Noelia
beautiful appears in the photo my
weapon let's see I think that also what
happens is that many were not there if I tell you
the truth many were not there But well
mm says Malaguea like your family doesn't
eat Malaguea my family eats very well
but my family eats very well Not now
that I'm a youtuber but they have eaten well
Even when I wasn't a youtuber and I earned
900 a month okay because if I earned 9900
a month and it didn't give me enough to fill the
fridge when I left work
after two hours I went to Telepizza
to deliver Pizza too you know Malaguea
Don't worry about my economy
when things go well they go well and
when they go bad I strive for them to go
better
you know what is it is August of course
obviously they are missing they are missing a lot
eh they are missing a lot that are maybe  on a
trip they are at the beach they are with
the family But look I have to
applaud gre who is a you
with whom I do not have a good vibe
If
kiss criticized I do
n't know who is talking to me I don't know who it is let's
see anonymous people on Twitter and that I don't
know guys But it doesn't
matter if there weren't idoes they would have said
that I'm not
going from cal Antonio l we bought your car you
are trolling me you are not
trolling me a little I am I am
slow Eh I am slow Yes Noemia but I
think that let's see there are many who
maybe have not realized I don't know the
truth I have no idea but
I do miss that more famous people
participated that more famous people
participated the
truth But well it has turned out quite
well ok what I said for me gref in that
sense despite the [ __ ] he makes and all
that stuff let's see I will not stop criticizing
or giving my opinion no If I see something that I don't
like okay
but for me it changes it changes the
perspective that has helped Fran in
this I mean Greg was there for two hours
taking Fran to his channel it gave a lot
of visibility And what do you want me to  say he did
n't have the obligation and he did it
then for me I'm going to keep that
in mind and I don't care what people
tell me Oh now you
want me to tell you But this is like
when Jorge Javier treated me well to
my wife when we met you know
that he behaved very well with me and then well it
changes the perspective of things of
course it changes
people's perspectives That's how it is and well plex
spectacular
eh spectacular let's see it
before continuing to see the subject let's take
a look at the
clicks that I put on Twitter about the
chat with plex there are more things that
I recorded with the camera and surely it will surely
come out later okay then on the
main channel I will surely upload a
video of the Play thing okay but let's
see the things here that I recorded that I
recorded three or four
clicks if right now okay if I went back in
time well like suddenly you
see again that I already liked Play I already liked it
a lot the truth is he looks like
a musano boy he looks like a child you know
but but I loved it I loved it the other
day the truth is I loved it the other day eh
the other day Carlos yes  I've seen the thing
with Carlos Fer Then if you want to watch
the video that Alber uploaded because the
truth is I haven't been able to compile much I know
that he had an unexpected death and
little else because it just came out on
TV while I was
getting ready very nice very nice plex very
nice very nice I loved it
[Music]
and not only did I love it but
also damn he's super nice super
nice right super nice
brutal
brutal he looked very cold Luis [ __ ] not at
all dude I mean in fact
then in fact then no then he called and
we did a video call with him already off
camera without the
camera and the guy was delighted let's say I liked it
great if right now okay if I could
turn back time well like
suddenly you become small again
like 14 or 13 years old and you have your
whole life ahead of you what would you do like would you
continue would you repeat things that you've
done would you dedicate yourself to
something totally different like I don't
know if you had the opportunity to
remake your life where would you go and the
great girls the girls have  fallen
spectacular but not where they should be
proud to belong to this channel
friends meet in moments like this
Thanks Javi No [ __ ] but thanks it's not what it is
but it is what it is but I have come
back very happy because look look
I have loved this trip the truth I mean the
only thing is that it is very difficult for me to
separate from my wife
but I was crazy to see my child
too I mean I came back today but what
is the trip I have loved I mean I loved it I
liked it a lot it was
different from the last time it was
different on this trip Well look I have
spoken with Ple okay and I have
met Ple who I didn't know I
had never met her I had a
couple of jokes with Gref who also
made me very Thank you I have met the a the
two girls the two girls that you
just mentioned from the sanctuary who
seemed charming to me I
loved both of them meeting her I
had Paloma on Instagram but I had never
spoken to her when I went the
other time she wasn't there eh apparently she is a
long time friend of the
family and of Fran and Luca is eh a
veterinarian she is  there practice that I don't know
if you know I think I can do it Yes of course they
have photos on Instagram Lucia is the
daughter of David
Sumer who invited me to his
concert I have to go let's go I have to
go no I'm going in two or three weeks
her father invited me to a concert
and and she's a delight very pretty the girl
eh a delight the two eh the two both
and it's good it's good it's
good the truth eh about the animals
Well also I mean there were new animals
chi got to know him more chi got to know him more
than the other time on the other trip
well I wasn't with him much I wasn't
with
him much I wasn't almost I saw him And such But I didn't
have much of a thing with him and now I've
gained more confidence with him and man
spectacular and I had a super
good time with him let's go
and the different animals man I mean I've become
very attached to I've become
very attached to the
kangaroo Let's see I'm going to show you something it's
a preview of today's video but
but I'm going to show it to you because it's
very
strong  Lucia didn't want you to leave now,
eh, it's been a delight, eh, it's been
a delight, I loved meeting, I
loved meeting you both, but yes, yes,
very pretty, m, I'm going to show you
something, I'm going to show you something right?
Oh, wait, what I've saved in a
folder,
wait, what a shame that an
animal died. Yes, it was very bad, it
was very bad, I'm telling you, if it could
n't be rescued, it's because it couldn't be
done. eh, It's not out of love and by and
in between,
eh, the kangaroo didn't hit me, he did it to me
once, like, the attempt in one of the
videos that I'm recording. What's
going on, look at this, look, I mean, I think I'm going to
make a post on Instagram and Twitter
just about the kangaroo,
eh,
Look, look, see
this. This is what I see from
my bedroom window, okay, you
see what's here at the door, I mean,
I look out the window and here is the
door, okay, you see what's at the
door, my kangaroo, you. Wait, there's
more. Look, look,
look
at the note.  in
note he would put to look Look I
open the door But this is every
day Eh This is every day this
is literally I get up from my nap
or I get up in the morning but also
when I woke up late because there was a
day that I woke up late which was
the night that was gref clear for
us it was 2 in the morning when
that ended and of course instead of
waking up at 5 at 6 like always
I woke up at 8 in the morning okay
Okay so it was in note Knocking on the
door as if to say this one's not coming out today
and I would open the door and he's not lying there
always
waiting for me there you see me leave come on Let's go let's go let's go let's go
crazy come on Let's go
and now here I record it look and he's walking he's walking
slowly behind me he's
walking slowly or yes or yes I get
far away because he stops along the way he
gives him a sprint Look look at
him
[Applause]
look at him every day every day and
every  afternoons when I got up you
see it and Ah maybe he stopped because he
saw something and then what he did if I
walked a little more I gave him a
sprint,
well you see there he was entertained with
something what happens is I'm recording it and I
'm stopped but if I start walking more he'll
give him a sprint I'm not
crazy Pilar But what's going to happen to you there it
happens as long as you don't step on an
otter but wait I think I
have another video with the good stuff with Loc I
have everything look
[Laughs]
And it's that this has been so beautiful
Here I am on a video call with Lore
maybe Yes Yes here I am on a
video call with Lore And I'm
sitting there And you're crazy there with me you were
feeding him secretly Javi No no what's
going on What's going on What's going on What's going on I'm going to give it
to the kangaroo no no no no what did he
get but you know what happens man the
hardest thing let's see this What
is it there is the going is very heavy the going
is very
heavy the going the going is very heavy
no Maria Luisa will go with
Lucia the worst thing is that I don't Look
when I say I don't like it, it's not that I
hate animals or anything like that, no, but
I'm not an animal lover, I mean, I'm
not into nature and you know what,
but
no, Javi, no, you dreamed of spiders and
snakes,
no, what's going on, water, like, because if not,
why did I go? no, no,
no, the food Luis is pretty good, there has
been some that I didn't like, but
generally, the truth is, for how
picky I am, let's go this time I was
calm because I had already been, but
the first time I was especially scared about the
food because I'm very
picky when it comes to eating, but
the truth is that we ate quite well,
jav, city, in total, of course, I am more of a
neighborhood person than the swings, I mean, but
apart from that, I'm an urban planner, I don't like the
beach because Lorena forces me to, but I'm into
stepping on cppe, stepping on
sand, for example, no, I do
n't, I don't like that, I
like the pool better, it's
clean, the water is clean, you know, eh  but
apart from the fact that I don't like animals, it
's not my thing, but you know what happens with
this, you know the typical one, I'm sure you
've said it or you've heard it on
some occasion, you know the typical one,
the typical person who says that there are people who don't
like children but they only
like their own, there are many people
who are
So they don't like children at all
but their
own, there are also people who say that they don't
like children only other people's,
as if to say I don't like children very much
but not having any myself, but there are many
people who have surely said it No, I do
n't like children at all but
my own No, well, this was a little like that I mean, I'm not, I'm not one
of those
who, a dog comes and turns. Oh, look,
a dog and takes out my dog, my dog, period, and
then calls me an animal. I'm not one of those who, you know,
But that's because I've been
living with
them That's because that's what I've been living
with them and now it makes me feel sorry,
now it makes me feel sorry, now it makes me feel
sorry. Oh, the crazy one, I
'm going to miss him,
you know why I was walking, I was
not next door, pim pim  pim pim what's Julia going
to the lake I didn't even go near in the end uncle aunt
because we got caught up in one thing, something else, I do
n't know what And I haven't gone to the lake aunt, I haven't
gone to the lake we've been busy on the
live show and we've been doing things
and I haven't even gone to the lake it's just that the
last day we had some problems with the
internet I don't know what I don't know how much it's worth
let's see the plex thing and we'll get into
the subject okay well Look, I'm going to tell you the
same thing your father would say I wouldn't change
absolutely anything nothing nothing nothing nothing the [ __ ] we
[ __ ] up the illnesses
because thanks to not changing anything I would be
here today talking to you I would have
my children I would have the people I love and
that can't be changed you're
never going to have better friends or better people who
love you or better children or better
parents or better siblings or better
even if it's all [ __ ] but it's what
life has led you to the second
parts of a life would never be good
because it would be a mess it would be a big
mess not to be able to make the same
mistakes not to have the same messes
not to overcome the same the same
barriers So it's a question that is
often asked and I'm just not  I
would change absolutely nothing with all
the stuff I'm going through right now or anything
because because I believe that where I am
in my case is where I want to be even if I
'm in [ __ ] I don't want to be anything
deep dude I just realized that
this cli is the one we uploaded to Twitter
Oh no this wasn't the one I wanted to put it
was this one I wanted to put okay okay it's just
that I'm going a little crazy and my alne my
alne kept me company today man
well the 4 were 5 okay in the car she
kept me company at 4 o'clock t you don't know
how my al solved it for me because the
truth is I was a little fed up with the
road do you consider that stage where they
told you you had 6 months left to
be the hardest stage of your life or
some bigger
hard one Javi what's going on between Pablo
Franco
well there they got into it I do
n't know if I got to comment on that
subject at the salsera or something but well
utbh made a
comment that bothered Pablo I don't know
if utbh understands why
that comment bothers Pablo which maybe
isn't so offensive but what it
means  no And well, there they have
become very bad and I think I think that it is
irrecoverable, I believe, the fight that they
had is not the hardest stage I think
that it is and look at this very few people
know eh when they operated on Zorro the
second time for his heart I was
aware that he could die and The
doctor said it was a very
delicate operation that everything could go perfectly or he
could screw everything up and he could, he could die
during the operation in the
operating room, he could die and in fact
you spoke to him before going in like
no Zorro came in he was little Zorro came in
very scared eh And I saw that operation
and they let me be there How crazy
how old was he he was 10 years old nine and I
think that was the hardest moment because
cipi had already died on us and and
losing another son there and on top of that Zorro Who
is Javier for you you V
progressive let's
see I wouldn't say progressive no I there are
many times that I don't agree with
him another yes okay But let's see
progressive no No man prre it's not that if we
call him it's that we would already lose a
little sense no a  the word
no You're already with him, you already have it, you already have it, you
live it Maybe a little lukewarm on some
things or some ideas are not, I know
the truth is, I don't see the topic of utbh,
politics and such, I mean, I get along very
well with Sergio, I mean, I have had good
relations with him for many years and I
also love Fernanda a lot and
everything but politics is that you know
that it's not my thing and no no I don't watch all
the videos So I don't know everything you
say You know but
progressive man, that's [ __ ] it, that was it, that was it, but it's [ __ ]
hard to see him go into the
operating room and you run in here,
wash your hands like they put all
the gossip on you and see how they open him up and you know
that when they open you up you know they have to
open the rib, brutal, you saw the heart I saw his heart I
saw his
heart How crazy they open it up and
V no yeah yes they took it out and fixed it and
put it in How the [ __ ] I don't know why he
goes in there you would go in that in that
in an operation like that, the fox had his
heart taken out, they fixed it  and they
put it in and while it's being taken out What's up there
's a machine that's acting as a
heart bu How crazy is
that moment look I could stand
in front of a rhinoceros that's coming
running but at that moment I was shaking
all the time I mean I was scared scared
scared and when he finished
the doctor just finished all the things he
was doing they were going to they were going to
start stitching it up and such and everything the story
and the doctor just told me he did it like this and I
said [ __ ] wow it's like I saw a
movie about that the
heart again when it does the
first one it's a lot not like
imagine but that I think it's the
hardest moment of my life on a
personal level at the level of intensity to say
[ __ ] because if you're going to die if you
think it's going to happen to you something blah
blah blah but when it's someone you
love or someone Yes I would come in
[ __ ] I don't know what I would do eh if they
gave me the
chance Ugh But go to the things
that Fran has lived through eh have you discovered
anything about Fran on this trip that has
surprised you well in these days in
general  Maybe a more
sensitive part yes maybe a part more
that also has worries Although
The uncle is fighting with a servant I'm glad to
have you back man Ali what
nice words Have you
missed me or what with a son you come in says tesa
Well I don't know the truth I don't know the
truth I mean do you think that almost all of you
are telling me that yes being away is
worse it's that I
don't know what's
worse it's that I don't know what's worse yes man of
course I was going to talk to you about plexis yes it's
true the otter It's that you know what happens
with otters look how the otters have
changed they have changed a lot eh eh they have
changed a lot the otters in February they
were very heavy very
heavy they make themselves loved they made themselves
loved a lot but they were very
heavy I mean you couldn't walk without them
coming and getting your legs caught
but now not let's see what's coming He says hello maybe
from time to time there are other times
that you don't know but they go more on their own and it's
one less because one died in a fight
with an
animal I don't know what's worse
eh No  I know what's worse if I would let
The Professionals work or
go in so I could watch him, I don't know the
truth, man, it seems that your favorite right now
is the
kangaroo It's that I've been with the kangaroo a lot I've
been
with the kangaroo a lot
and
with me the other
time the other time I was more with with with
the with the ple and with and with the meerkats
It's true that you're involved with a
girl who's quite famous right now,
my
[ __ ] I'm not going to say the
name,
man It's true that you're involved with
a girl who's quite famous right now
Cab, damn, Flex's face, man Cab brought
that up, man, and
I would have answered him yes with your
cousin I'm not going to say the
name it's that there have been various
rumors, there are
rumors, we play in a different way, better let's see,
Lex, a game okay, you guys play
it a lot Who would you sleep with, who would
you marry And who would you kill okay, I'll
tell you three Lola Lolita Marta Daz Nicki
Nicole nothing nothing don't answer that don't
answer that no  answer any of
that and Let's
see, it's that I, let's see, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't have asked that question, let's
see, it was a game, damn, [ __ ], let's
see, I would have said, well, look, I would have [ __ ] all three of them,
what maybe you guys
wouldn't have said? I would have said, I
[ __ ] all three of them, [ __ ] them,
but let's see, but let's see, but it's a
game What's wrong with that game, it's
older than node olveira, so what's wrong with it? I do
n't
understand, I don't understand why he
rushed in so much. I
mean, no, I don't understand why he rushed in
so much, damn, let's see, he doesn't want me to ask you
the question, okay, you guys
play a lot. Who would you [ __ ],
who would you marry, and who would you kill,
okay? I'll tell you three, Lola Lolita Marta Daz
Nicki
[Music]
Nicole What's happening is that I
understand? Of course, if everything is already there, damn, don't
make anyone feel bad about anything,
nothing, don't answer that, don't
answer that, don't answer any of
that, but let's
see, V
H, it's
true, the question he asks her, eh?
And he complains  of which I do look look you
're involved with a girl
who is quite famous right now Go [ __ ] yourself
Fran I mean fate what I
gave the kid and now I can't
get there and put a game on the
table Javi What do you know about ostriches you
only see two before there were four well
I hadn't counted it Stef but the
truth is that we had a little
problem the last day in the morning
and we didn't almost do that much content the
last day
eh Well yes there is a yes there is a
video in which I am with the ostriches
that I didn't go into but we fed them
from the door but I didn't count them I didn't count
the truth I didn't count the truth
look at it see how much it shows see if you can see
there but it's at the beginning the first day let's
go the first day in the morning the
first morning that I
was And what else Ah well this question It
was good too
Oh Ventura's shirt eh I mean
literally I put the shirt on to
look nice for this for this
gala that was wrong Javi plex was
uncomfortable Let's see it's a little question
naughty but it's okay then I talked
to him and he said no that it didn't
bother him what happens is that son lacks a
little mischief balls I would have
been so FR at 3 here I'm going to tell you
no Javi I have missed you so much
smiling face with heart eyes
so much and you guys
so much otis otis was missing
no let's see what
you would have answered you were totally Ventura but totally you
were Ventura with the shirt it's
with the face that I have with how much of a clown I am
and with the monkey all day
hanging here the way there
and all the time the monkey but the
monkey was giving me one that I don't understand
because I was going there and the monkey was going
slowly there and at the moment I
saw it over
here and your content If you hadn't
come across the episode with Fran okay I
mean all the content that you did before
and the change that happened as a result of the
sanctuary that Eh Well let's see I think
that life would have corrected me in
some other way that maybe the
host would have been more tocha
probably or I mean I think that in
life when you're doing like this
Jai's outfit was in Thailand tesa in
Thailand it goes like this in the end you
crash I had to crash because
with what happened to us and luckily it
was the best thing that could have happened to me
but I think I would have ended up
crashing On the other hand and maybe I
would have woken up better or worse that well we will
never know but
I would have crashed in some other
way 100% we all crash
we all crash at some point especially
when you are 20 between 20 and
25 you have to be I have told you
many times you have to be an [ __ ] if
you are not an [ __ ] between 20 and 25 you
will never be happy if I
had recorded you if I had felt heo
when I was that age at 30 you have
responsibilities at 40 you have a
family and you have to be an [ __ ]
until well that until 25 26 27
years old you have to act like an idiot way to
learn warl the
Crocodile Crosses were a gift from Fran on my
first trip and they accompanied me the entire
first series and  Obviously I wasn't
going to
take them, I bought some Cross shoes. But trust
me, I bought some original Cross shoes, they're [ __ ] expensive.
Man, they're [ __ ] expensive. I thought they
were super
cheap when I went to pay and he said 50
bucks, damn, 50 bucks, this, and they've
hurt me, uh, on both feet, they've
hurt me, well, let's
see. Borja from 85. Ah, since then I
started to consider something that I had never even
started to consider in my life and it
's something that I highly recommend to
people and it's, I started to one of my
goals, it was and well and it continues to be, is to
try to be a better version
of myself. You know, I mean, I think, I mean, it's something that
I never thought about in terms of your
goals. What are they? Well, it's to achieve
this, to achieve that, to reach, I don't know
where to reach such and such, but I
had never stopped to say, okay, as a goal, I
also want to improve as a person, I
want to be like this, I want to be like that, I want to
know myself in this way and such. And since
then I ask myself that many times, and
well, I'm still there in a
constant learning process about myself. And an education about
myself as well.  myself that well that's where I go
day by day too and it was from then on that I
also began to
realize that in the end every day
you can try to improve something in yourself you know
you the sanctuary what would you say is
the sanctuary for
you how how what would you say then that is
the sanctuary for you for me the
sanctuary was
like like a like a temple for
example for Batman in the
Batman movie or rather It was like a place of
learning a place where I ended up
by destiny because if not I wasn't going to
end up there it was literally destiny and it
was like a baptism literally it
was a before and after in my
career in my way of seeing life in my
way of of of planning Where I
want to go It was literally like V to a
temple and you are there for a while for I don't know
what For the same reason I tell you one thing I
think it was a before and after for
all of us eh for all
eh And for better and for better and when I say
all of you who were there Paconi you me
Paloma it was a before and after
I mean I think it is one of the most
beautiful events that  have happened to
any of us in our lives in
that Well yes I recommend that you watch the
full interview on Fran's Channel
if you haven't seen it
okay the series of the the sanctuary series
was [ __ ] awesome
the sanctuary series was
[ __ ] awesome
eh Let's
see Eleven
man I'm not watching now yes now I'm
watching yes now I recognize the places
But this is Eleven obviously No I don't
have a
white face let's eat what are we going to eat
This is the
pigeon This is the
pigeon Jacobo this one no s to hit me I have to
stand on a
chair so you know Hey I'm 10 but
son of a [ __ ] how tall it has to be at the KFC
that's there at the KFC Ah no it's here There's
very little food eh Fran Ah no here I
was too here we were the
first time no no there the
food was good destiny is pointing it out for you
Look at this KFC if I'm not
mistaken if I'm not mistaken
I mm
sk KFC if I'm not mistaken I
don't know if I'll have it at hand
the
click yes no  I'm
wrong, I don't remember what the
c was called, the truth is it was a short but I
don't remember the
name it was a short but I don't remember
the
name [ __ ] what's up, he does
n't have any visitors what's up, he doesn't have any visitors it's sh this This
look this this that one here we
ate here we ate no no here it's
good
eh
all let's see
me and you too because you you It's that you
're also a little chubby eh And go
G How big this plex must be
eh I mean how are you going to how are you going to get
a head off Franco this chubby guy are
you going to fit in for yes TR told me one
with
green eyes let's meet chispas that
well okay the problem with chispas
is that the adaptation he has is very
bad with people he doesn't like people
so And there was chip
host there were the ostriches
here girl Look the ostriches are
free here and the deer you this is a
puppy But watch your mouth eh
Watch your face What's up chispo okay
Okay we're here meeting
chispas And what's the other one called chip
chip take peanuts down down
Squat down if they grab your balls they'll
grab them There they're going to bite you Oh
barilla the barilla the barilla this Look at
this like this Yes yes yes talk like this this
moment is CR host ple met
chispas because that's where she can bite you
or something she wants That that that that that that that
watch your face eh watch your face they're
friends look They're friends This is
the son of a [ __ ] the capybara chispas Look look do
you remember when I screamed in the
water This is the [ __ ] look at him Well look you
're already with chispas Yeah and you think he's
already accepted me no yeah yeah Okay Totally
I was shocked with the chat
when he had the chat with gref okay
that he took out this WhatsApp okay I mean
when he had the chat with plex with plex
with gref Sorry he took out this WhatsApp this
is a WhatsApp of
Yuji when Yuji already tells him what he has to
pay if he wants the sanctuary okay You have
been you have been very kind kind What is like
good This is what flips me out
after in the message You have been like
like good kind  uh with me in in our in
our
marriage I appreciate everything that you've done
for me and I'm truly grateful
well well well thank goodness she
's grateful Frank I mean she says
well uh You've been very good to me
this contradicts what she's
been saying now later okay in the
interview that she gave in the world and so
on that we'll see now but look at
the message from yuin I mean what do
you guys think about a message like that what do
you guys think about a message like that you've
been very good to me and I keep it in
mind I'm never going to forget I don't know
how much Give me 7 and a half million Because if I
weren't grateful Eh I'm going to
shoot myself in the dick but it's that but it's that
you realize there what
I realize is that it's not right it
's not right or I mean it's like she's or I mean she
's telling you that she
's inwardly grateful and fine with you and she
thanks you but like she's doing
this because they gave her an
unhealthy pot meal she's not right in the head
right now [ __ ] like how are you going to
how am I  you're going to try like this Yeah back to the
micro topic let's see the micro topic It's not that it's
the microphone as such but sometimes
the videos are too loud so I'm going
to put the writer's sound lower
okay And then you guys turn up the volume
Or you're going to ask me what you're
asking me And on top of that you send me the message that
you're grateful and and and and it's been
like nice to me I curse my [ __ ]
mother But where are many of you putting me
in the chat that Yuji is
accusing him of gender violence Where is that that's
new
today Where is that I mean it's
what we've been seeing already or or it
's something
new let's see This is the interview of the
world okay I'm going to see the summary how
good I don't know if the summary or the
whole thing has been posted by this guy from link
Sky let's
see This is the interview of the world I
have to say several things about this
okay
eh There's a youtuber who posted that message
can you please send it to me on WhatsApp to
someone it's
new an
Yuji
FR [ __ ] I hadn't realized
you are this
[ __ ] I had it here in a tab dude I
had it here in a  tab
dude
[ __ ] domestic violence It's not
just being beaten strangled or
thrown against a wall it's also being
degraded
humiliated [ __ ] there's going to be trouble
guys
[ __ ] [ __ ] there's going to be trouble
eh [ __ ] it's going to go Lia dude
man I opened the [ __ ] tab
here and I haven't read the [ __ ]
story 4 pm we're talking about an
hour when Fran has probably
been in bed and Fran Fran hasn't seen
this
you [ __ ] dude
Eh I hadn't realized
dude how it goes it's like saying
this when in other messages you've said something else I
mean they put some things in
some messages then they put other things in another one I mean
look we were seeing this
eh this no what I closed eh
gref's WhatsApp let's
see ma he'll see it I think he's probably in
bed around the hour for
me because of how tired he is it's that
the day of the day of this last day
yesterday
no Of course that's what I'm telling you I
woke up at
1:30 to go to the chat with x okay
And and we already stayed awake okay
because I didn't love myself anymore  go to bed wanting to
go exhausted on the trip and fall
asleep as much as possible on the planes
and of course I already got on the first
plane already exhausted but of course Fran
took me to the
airport and it took him 3 hours to
take me to the airport Well you saw it in
Ireland you
didn't see it Gen
rl you saw it Gen
rl and then 3 hours back I mean
the guy got hurt of course and he's probably exhausted and
today he hasn't slept yet because he got
hurt he was live no
I've seen the clips and when I
got to Spain he called me to check on me
to see that I had arrived so
Fran will be lying down because he
's
exhausted Hey but you know what
I honestly expected that at
any moment he was going to throw these
already
eh an it does
n't fail eh
man It doesn't fail
eh Chi just told me that Fran
was watching this live that he
commented on it I'm going
[Music]
a yeah yeah of course Yes to Anne yeah yeah but
come on I'm going we were counting on them
but realize one thing and stick
with this
okay
look
eh here it says violence  domestic doesn't
have to be physical aggression blah
blah blah blah blah okay he's talking about
psychological violence No well well Well
basically we'll see how
this escalates and with the passage of time
okay with the passage of time He will
accuse him more and
more
with what has been done
uh domestic violence from someone
you separated from
years ago
mother mother of deo is sending me chi
the minute he is looking for me chi the minute
because apparently they have
seen her they start
aar no that they start recording the last r to
put it on all the mother t-
shirt of course they know that
when grandpa leaves he comes in
take it
siate did you see the pullita that he put on you in
the interview er of hers
what do I offer I offer they dox you the idiots
and they start aar he changes
sidewalks Where are my friends he goes to get
gas he doesn't get it
Well there are many
handsome boys because it gets up very early
too 233 1
let's
see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's
see them let's
see  where are we going this
week it seems to me that look at it eh Look look look look
wait a moment
back s Ah on the side
wait a moment I want to see
this
Ah
come on Look look look This is what they're
going to accuse me of now what do you think you can
press pause up there up given That's it, that's it, that's it I mean
now they're going
to accuse me of
this
bu man it was clear not that this was going to
happen this was going to happen totally this is what you
have to pay for being men
right now not what we have to pay
for being men is
eh I don't know anymore I don't even
know well here we are guys wait a
moment let's see how the camera thing goes so that
only the girls can be seen Ah so that the girls can be seen
better than the chi is very ugly
and I'm very
old here I have a mask
look at the two look at the two a little arm here
guys eh We have here we have kid
these
ig from the jav interview people
asking who what is moving you could
see the Cab
n
al est when it was about I was in the
back banning people I was in the back
banning people of course and the people in the
comments  Who's from Gurro who
moves well eh it was something that was needed eh it
was something that was
needed It doesn't fail eh
man It doesn't fail
kid greetings from Gref Seriously, is
he live now or
what Well if he's live tell him that he should
n't even think about it and he shouldn't even think about coming
back without stopping at the
sanctuary which is 3 hours away right now
from there and that he should go over there eh
that he should go over there I'm really sorry he's not
going to meet me but go on
no way he shouldn't waste it
the trip by mulej is there and a
pain and it's next
door let's see it was needed it was already known in
fact Well it's more than obvious it's more
than obvious that it's going to escalate okay for
me it's going to escalate right now here he says
well there's
no physical violence I don't know it's going to escalate it's going to escalate and suddenly he'll remember some physical violence too you'll see the subject of the interview is busy okay eh I mentioned it to you at the salsera I haven't been able to go into depth eh for
obvious reasons I haven't been there okay But come on let's take
a look and  let's
compare some things that I said in the
interview with other things that he's
saying at other times okay
and we knew about this interview
two
days
before the day the day that I arrived I don't know
if the day that I arrived or the
next day okay We already knew in fact
they already had an idea okay They had an idea that there was
an interview in the
world in fact they knew in the world and
then I called a contact and they told me
what's up Mimi what's going on over there and they told me uh
yes it was true that there was a
contact no I'm not going to tell you his name
Because I don't know if I can tell you but
well I think you all know my
contact okay And he told me yes it was
true that the interview had been done
they told me who did it and that it was going to be
published in the other Chronicle of the world
also they told me that they were reviewing
for the legal team of the
media whether to cut something or not No I think that if they
cut things okay I think that if they
cut things from that interview and that
the interview Yuji said more than the
interview Yui said more but that
the media surely decided to remove
some okay Yuji tells his  version
about Fran and the sanctuary what I do is
protect myself for my safety and
that of my
children for my safety and that of my children
not to put the sanctuary in his name as
Alejandro had agreed telesalseo is the
heart and gossip of the
famous
okay of famous people from television and show business and
so on today the
interview with Yuji Sida just came out in the newspaper El
Mundo
Okay you know what happens do you know at what exact moment the interview came out we spent days there and and when is the interview And what day And in the end they don't publish it and I don't know what and I don't know how much you know at what exact moment
the interview came out
10 minutes after the chat
with x began 10 minutes after the
interview with began people started
telling us in the chat and I already told him to
remove it remove the comments that and no no
no to him because he wanted to want to warn him
don't tell him anything Let him enjoy
the moment of the interview and then we'll
see him in the morning or whatever
okay everything came about as a result of the divorce
Fran and I got divorced last
December  Well they got divorced in
December but they had been separated since
before the prison Okay and after 22 years
of marriage we finally signed the
divorce papers of course here there is already
a PE manipulation and I'm going to explain
why And tell me if you
agree okay tell me if you
agree
okay Fran and I everything came about as a result of the
divorce we got divorced last
December after 22 years of marriage we
finally signed the papers of course
here for me there is a small a
small nuance okay for me there is a
small
nuance of
course you got divorced in December
but
there is a nuance that nothing is nonsense It was not at all They had not
signed the
divorce but they were separated since before
the prison
of course So what is the small nuance
man well what eh Hasn't the whole
problem been as a result of them signing the Okay of
course let's see if the problem has been as a
result of the divorce okay well it hasn't been
as a result of the divorce as
such But well it has been now the last few
months but of course You have been separated for a
decade more than a
decade Why don't you say that during the whole
decade everything he has done for you
Of course because he is painting it as good
is that now in  the moment that I got
divorced Not like he
separated I don't know if you're understanding my
point I don't know if you're understanding my
point the point is that you read this and you
believe that they were a couple until recently and
suddenly he's behaving badly the
moment he left her and in fact
the moment he left her and at the
moment this information is okay
keep this in mind that I'm going to
give you details as we read it
okay this information is manipulated
Okay you understand this and you say Well the
moment they left her he's
behaving badly with her Because on top of that he
left her and he's with someone else
he's having a jealous rage And it's like
no no no no no they've been together for over
a decade okay And he's behaved
brutally with her not being with her
when we got divorced I trusted his
goodwill and I didn't look for
legal alimony or sign a
contract Of course because you haven't lacked
anything he's given you more than what was
due to you without a contract he's given you more
than what is
due to you Why why why didn't you
sign a contract I thought  that I could
trust him to take care of
paying the alimony of course and he thought that he
could trust you so that you would have
the land in his name and then
give it to the
children there was
trust there was trust nothing happened Of course What a
shame that there have to be
signed papers in
fact but every time the time came to
pay the amount changed and was
reduced okay let's see the amount that has been
reduced okay here Fran publishes it
okay here Fran publishes the
bank statements apparently it is being said out
there that he did not pay a supposed
alimony to my ex it is true he gave him money
to save until I realized that
the money was not saved this is from
January
2023 to 2024 if you add it all up okay
you can stop the live if someone
wants to take the screenshots and see them in
depth okay But okay here are
the bank statements for me it costs lady it
costs okay
January 3 299
January 23 February 24 yes it comes to pass
the month or so from what I notice
Also look if you notice that detail
the 24  the 26th the 23rd you know
why without asking my intuition ok
Why Fran pays the 20 and
something Why Fran pays the 20 and something
Look the 20 and something the 22nd the 23rd are usually
22 23 24 25 because YouTube pays on the
20th let's see it's the 21st but sometimes it reaches the
22nd 23rd if it's the weekend exactly
or rather the first thing
Fran does The first thing Fran does when he gets
paid is pay him
6 and a half million bats
170.00 in a year and little man I'm glad to
see you've survived Haha Thanks
handsome a
kiss 170,000 euros he paid him eh in about
a year so he could save it
Look he's giving him
money and look at this detail
Look
November Mrs. Cuesta
Ramos December Mister Aliza Spi Prayon
they're getting
divorced Well he hasn't paid almost anything eh Let's
see he hasn't paid almost anything eh but
every time the time came to pay the
amount changed and  reduced when I
asked him about it his answers
were neither kind nor clear dude it's
literally we are seeing the
bank transactions
bank transactions when I met Chris Frank he
reduced my pension to 100,000 wat about 2,500
euros when he met his girlfriend no
well girlfriend yes girlfriend Let's see, I
thought he was a Trump guy but he
speaks to her in the feminine in the interview
okay that Fran reduced his
pension to only 2
euros I asked him to increase this amount
because the quality of life I had
when we were married is very different
from what I have now Of course because you are no longer
married I asked him to increase the amount
to have the same standard of living that I
had before be it him no he is not the same
standard of living no that she has it
according to the laws of Thailand it is her
responsibility I am not going to
question this because I do not know what it would be like to
find a lawyer or something in
Thailand if you want I will look for it okay Well
in fact I will
look for it to see if this is exactly
like this let's see I know that in the matter of children
here in Spain in the matter of children it is
understood that  the support and such
are based on what the father earns, that
is, if the child has had a standard of
living and a Yes, a quality of life, eh,
throwing the marriage Well, when they
separate, the father has to, well,
the father or the mother, whoever it is, the one who
causes a kiss Thank you very much How
are you,
the same level has to be maintained,
okay, but in a case of divorce as
such in Thailand, I don't know,
okay, but pay attention to this, which is the
sanctuary issue, okay, from the beginning the
property was in my name, but a
trusted person told me that it was not
prudent to keep it in my name in case there
was some kind of legal problem with
the animals, in that case I would run the
risk of facing a sentence, something that I
want to avoid at all costs because I don't
want to go back to jail, my life
would be over if that happened, okay, let's see,
here, basically what he's
telling you, okay, I don't think there's anything
wrong with a woman taking measures to
protect herself, here, what Yuji is telling you
is
that the sanctuary is in his name as
property, okay, so here we already have
another confirmation that yes, the sanctuary
is in his name  There were already videos of her
with the papers for the sanctuary when
Fran bought it but here she already
confirmed it okay here we can already say Hey it's
not a lie
okay the sanctuary is in her name but
what she does is
rent it so that the
responsibilities fall on Fran
okay It's not bad nothing happens Hey in case there
's any legal problem in case Fran
steals a tiger which by the way I
smelled like a tiger this afternoon when I arrived
after 24 hours crossing the world
no no matter what a rental contract
and it is understood with that
rental contract that Yuji is not on that
land but that Fran has the land
okay legally responsible in case
something happens Sure but here's a
detail now he rents the property to me
for 100000 baht per month another
2500 What's the detail family man
well the detail is that it seems very
good and a very good idea that you put a
rent so as not to have responsibility
over the sanctuary okay okay you
put a contract and Fran is in that
contract what I don't know if it seems
good to me too is that you collect the rent I mean let's
see but how are you going to collect rent
one thing is that  you make the contract
to free yourself from responsibilities but
another thing is that you collect and that you grab
the money, I mean, we're not talking
about
2500 we're talking about 200,000 B 5000
bucks I mean, she's here in the
interview that we've already seen that it's more we've already
seen that it's more than worth it but she's
already talking to you in the interview she's
recognizing to you that she
earns 5000
bucks and that it seems
little to her I mean,
she's not telling you Fran she's telling you that she earns 5000 bucks from
Fran
damn you put the contract but but do
n't grab the money
5000 that we're talking about come on,
2500 seems like an outrage to me But 5000
okay And of course here's another move okay And it's that
she says that
she says there that Fran started to
lower the amount
when he when
she started with his
girlfriend
e e
happy anniversary Baby
I love you patatin patatin happy anniversary
baby
April 26 January
2023 almost 3000
wat Almost  300000
wat almost 300000
b 300000 b I'll do the math like this let's see I took
out I took out 10000 bats at the
airport and it was like
300 if we multiply by Well we're
talking about 2000 100000 is 2000 of course we
've said it before okay These are 5000 These
are almost no yes yes These are more than
5000 here we're talking about
almost here we're talking about 7000 6
7000 6 7000
okay again in January again in January he
pays him 400,000 the kings I do
n't know if the Three Wise Men will be in Thailand eh he pays him a little more in February he pays him a little more in February he pays him even more in March he pays him even more in March and he pays him and he pays him 800,000 B in April on the anniversary date
the month that starts he pays him 800,000
How many
800,000 how many 800,000 Can someone
put me there because I'm already going crazy
and I think it's like 15,000 bucks
in April he pays him 15,000
dude Of course he reduces it look in
May he reduces it to almost 500,000
bats in June he reduces it to
only 100,000 but again in July he pays him
almost
400,000
300,000 in
August 5 whatever This is
outrageous Look look look my
Look the month he pays him the least 100,000
But come on it's just one I mean it's
been these last few months
that he's paid him 150 120 150 150 100
230 in March or
so of course you know what he's done
Of course he's saying that he's lowering it
more he's saying that he's lowering it
more because people don't know When he
starts with
him with her with his partner
okay Of
course of course because the because  People don't
know that he's been here for a year and a
half. Of course, he's probably
true that he protested and
said,
listen to me, I'll pay you less.
God of my life,
eh. God of my
life. Thank you very much, Viking
heart. From now on, I want a bat, please.
From now on, I want a bat, if
you can donate me 2 euros each. Flame,
eh, exactly, we're talking about something that's
worth a
lot here. Here comes one of the biggest
discrepancies between Frank's version
and Yuin's. Let's see, when I wanted to put the
property in my children's names, Fran
said that they weren't ready for that
responsibility, she insisted that it remain
in my name, so we agreed to keep
the property in my name but with a
rental agreement. Okay, but not to m a
d, they have to say that
the word "mixed" makes sense,
knowing you. Congratulations on everything, kiss,
Raquel. Thank you very much,
Malagas. I never intended for that
sanctuary to be a bargaining chip and
the lives of animals are not
negotiable. The situation has
arisen in a very biased way and I want to
ensure the safety of everyone
involved. Keel that's
taking you, that's taking you. Almost  almost
6000 turkeys a month
here he talks about the complaint he filed
against Frank what he likes people to
understand we had unresolved issues it
's important that there's much more
to the story than what has been told
man of course it's a marriage it would be
ideal if there were things that weren't
told every time I
felt smaller and smaller I never
really felt loved and her lies were
constant man so misunderstood that my
true self was fading away no I was
happy man man
man there was a click
[Music]
of my god it never fails eh
buddy It never fails eh
[Music] it
never fails eh
buddy a kiss Carmen how is my Carmen
how is my Carmen
universe me yes my family is fine I don't care if I have
more if I have less if I am better off if I
am worse imagine my
ex-wife gets out of jail and I am happier
than if I had found If I had
come it's a it's silly but the thing is that
at the end of the day it's your family the
important thing there is no more then I understand
that people have their things they have their
stories you can get along more or less
but at the end of the day if look if you
can be an [ __ ] but if you are
good with  your
family You have the respect here you already
have the proof that my ex-wife says
okay we are talking before she has the
sanctuary okay the sanctuary I understand
that it was I don't know the exact date to the
sanctuary but less than 4 years so
okay here she didn't have it this is the refuge
okay I mean when Yuji got out of
jail he still didn't have it okay
[Music]
eh And she's selling it as if they
had broken up now and he doesn't want to pay
the alimony you give yourself the respect because you
take care of your family you understand So that is,
that is the important thing we are all going to
die we are going to have diseases
pandemics are going to come we are going to lose our
jobs we are going to lose money but the
important thing is that when you go to sleep
you say Hey I screwed up let's see if
tomorrow I'm better and when you
wake up in the morning and you say [ __ ]
I'm happy that I'm here and I'm
with you That's it if there is no
more there is no more I mean Okay we end
with a positive message okay We are going to die
but family is the important thing take care of
your parents your brothers and
or if you are parents take care of your children
take care of your people  your women
your husbands all this take care of
people and don't worry don't
worry because I have almost all the
tickets to die first than you
who are going to live longer than me don't
worry whoever says it is always that
mu cag no no no no no no no I'm in
injury time here don't say that
man how would you describe your
past relationship with Fran as a partner and as a father
my past relationship with Fran was
complicated as a couple everything was difficult
due to the constant lies and not
lying to me and not feeling loved or
important as a father I think he tried to
do his best in many
aspects
but the complications of our
relationship made it difficult for it to function as
a united family the unresolved issues
and the nature of our
relationship affected the family dynamics
making it complicated to maintain a
healthy environment for our children
a little Matiz the son of Fran sape
gave an interview to Javi
Oliveira in which he said that his mother does not
answer his calls let's see there is something
else that I would like to be able to tell you but
it's Fran's thing a
moment to
shuca Thank you very much sweetheart Oy  But what's going on?
Thank you very much,
uncle Franco, he lives in Thailand. In
Thailand, the law and custom say that you have to
pay alimony to your
ex-wife so that she maintains the same
standard of living as during the marriage. Well,
screw you and abide by the laws of
Thailand. Frank, having married a
Spanish woman, these people are always going to
think that anything is against men is fine,
period. The thing is,
integrating is only valid for
foreigners in Spain. Spaniards
abroad will follow
Spanish customs. Well, no, Fran, son, it doesn't work
like that.
Well, anyway, what can I tell you? Well, take the little
bastard. Here you have the Thai law.
I think Yuji's standard of living
is fine, eh. I think it's not bad,
eh. Of course, but the issue that you have to
be responsible for her maintaining the
same standard of living, I understand that it also
has to do with the standard of living that
he has. I mean, he has to be
able to pay for it, right? Or what's going on, or what's
going on, or what's
going on, the message that you think is that it would be
better to calm the situation down a bit and, I don't
know, would unite a little bit what's
broken  uh has a little bit of personality
And stop being clear stop listening to
things that that have nothing to
do with it, I mean, stop listening to what
your partner is saying stop listening to what
your friends are saying because in the end
they weren't there when when
we were in such [ __ ] Sorry
for uh but they weren't there
we were and my father was there and and and she and
your friends and and and they all left like
cowards and we were there
eating [ __ ] with you so have a
little bit of personality what a message uh do you
consider that maybe she has
something to reproach your father also has
your father been a
scoundrel something that your father has done to her
very bad to her also why she has
this this attitude with him and that she has
forgotten Maybe that what you
're reminding him of no I mean who are
the bad ones no well that like the whole
family well those who
are around you have been implicated Not the friends or
anyone who is at his side now of course
and let's see on my father's side I already told you
that he is not a saint and we all know it  I
mean no it's no secret but of course
we're not we're not talking about of
problems that there were before no uh
nor what it is that no there's nothing that she has
done that that can
justify what what
my mother is doing right now is that there isn't and
and of course I'm not going to you
know start to tell all the things
that my father has done that I don't believe he has
done uh Nothing to stop to fall
this to take away the sanctuary or
something something something strong that could have
hurt him on the part of your father can you think
of something no no no that's not at all at all
and my father is not perfect but
it's that no no I have not done anything to stop to
cause this and now I'll tell you something else
Okay why do you believe of course you won't get
this you're not going to get it but I'm
going to explain it to you
okay the message that you believe this you're not
going to get it but I'm going to
explain it to you okay listen it's
my intuition eh I could be wrong okay I
could be wrong I could be
wrong I
could be wrong
where did I see it dude
where did I see it dude it
was in an Instagram message but I don't
remember she in an
Instagram message let's see if you agree
with me
okay er an insta message from someone
look here I
say I'm glad I could help as much as I
can she's referring to the otters at the
sanctuary Okay what Ob I have of that she
made a series a program okay a
program with chapters okay with Cristina
and Paloma on the side I mean they're blaming
Fran for Fran making his program with his
series not his chapter with China and
Paloma that's only a fraction of what
happened behind
social media okay sure
m she blames him here I mean for me I'm
going to give you my opinion okay what I believe what
I intuit with messages like this
and that she changed in the interview the
world the date in which she is with her
new partner Okay and and this purr of
invented nuances
not what I believe It's that
another of the reasons for changing the
date
in which she says she was with her
partner is that it would
n't fit that she
reproached him for anything you said a series with
Cristina for  example No if she already has
if she already had a
partner, I mean, I think that in the world they've
cut back on some things
Surely I think that she or rather she has
n't in the interview to the world they've
cut back on some things
surely that I know that she's going to go to the
world to say that I eh I don't know that I'm a
scoundrel who left her stranded that I didn't give her
but Fran if I remember literally it's that I mean
There will be people like me who the
last thing they remember eh you with Yuji is
literally on El Hormiguero talking I
mean I remember a program on El
Hormiguero that you came to Spain to
help your your ex-wife in this case
Yuji to get her out of jail I
mean I remember that story that they had
put her in jail
unfairly and you eh moved heaven and
earth to help her to get her out of
jail I don't know how that evolved I don't I
mean that will be a thing of the past but of
course Imagine my reaction when that
's the last thing I remember me with your
ex-wife and now you're telling me that she
's asking you for money eh  for one thing that
was yours really is that it's to do
four somersaults or I mean I don't understand anything
guys I mean I don't understand anything or
something happened there that we have no
context or this woman has
completely lost her mind or she has been
influenced and they have messed with her head
so that now uh she changes her attitude or her
thoughts but of course my real
question is how can you go from from
one thing to another man and and and how could we have
reached this [ __ ] point the
context we will see in the world but
let's go what is she going to say eh or or she will make up
fantastic stories or she can invent
any old thing or maybe she has a
reason that I suddenly say [ __ ] well
I didn't know this the shitty thing about all
this is that you are calm you are
doing things you are helping you continue
helping her okay But when you
realize that you are paying for the party
again you say no I mean but it's that you
told me that you pay money to Yuji
eh for your daughter who lives with her, I mean
that you send her money or I mean
Practically everything that you earn goes to her  you
send your ex-wife who is currently
with someone else and yet she still asks you for money
for the sanctuary, it's that guys I pay
absolutely everything, I pay absolutely
everything that you In reference to my children I
pay for the electricity, the electricity
of the house where my daughter lives, I pay for the
water, the lady who cleans
pays her, eh I pay everything, everything since always
and I don't and I don't care because it's for my
children Obviously the day that
my daughter is not here I am not going to pay anything, well of course,
that would only be missing if you continued
sending her money for the party Let's go
before Christmas, eh money that I had
saved there but that is mandatory
Frank the money that you pay her, I mean is it
by law or is it because you want it is because I have wanted it is
because I have wanted
she wanted to move into the house,
some renovations had to be done my daughter was going to come and
I had some money saved from a long
time
eh And I changed it so that they renovated it and it
was about 70,000 the renovation of the
house that she is enjoying with
this guy and obviously my daughter but
my daughter is not enjoying it, your daughter
is daughter lives  in her room upstairs
and there she is, let's see the
daughter, damn man, eh [ __ ],
let's see, the daughter isn't that fed up,
the daughter is. Let's see, at
14 years old, well, the daughter is, no, no, of course, She's not fed up, she's
Eh Well, a little,
even, of course, no, she doesn't have rules, no, no, she doesn't
have
rules at home, no, then, of course, she
's kind of doing, a little, what she
wants, not even happy, no, eh,
and if she gets married now, who should support
whom if they're both girls, eh, at most.
Well, I think if she gets married, I don't know, I don't know,
honestly, I have no idea what it
will be like in Thailand, not even, I mean, I
understand that if she gets married, the
support issue comes up. And I don't know, honestly, I do
n't know, but oh well,
eh For now, what I think is going to
happen, I think it's going to happen, okay,
eh, I think it's going to happen
and I have something in this
drawer, I have something in this
drawer that I think I'm
going to
tell you about at some point soon, okay,
eh, I don't know if when Fran wakes up  he will
comment something or say something or whatever
okay but anyway the question
now for the moment is
eh that he pays him the
money and that he
[Music]
gives the sanctuary to his
son that he pays him the money and that he gives
the sanctuary to his son Of course don't put up any
obstacles now with that
boys and girls and everyone Thank you very much
for all the support that you have given
these 5 days from the bottom of my heart I tell you a
huge thank you also to know that
all of you who have donated and all of you who
have given subscriptions and all of you who
have become members and such to
think that all that money is going to be
spent by others But well we are going
to pay for almost three parts of the sanctuary and it
is an amazing agreement So
thank you very much to everyone and here
comes the last ra of the chi
[Music]
we have an exclusive we have
an exclusive
[Music]
this information
came to me when I stopped at the
Istanbul airport I don't know what time it was
here but in Istanbul I think it was around
4 in the  the
morning very reliable source
very reliable source
tele5 goes into action
Unicorn wants Yui for
Ana Rosa
Quintana's return from vacation obviously There are still
a few days
no mandarin or rather
Friday
intends to get
ahead my captain the sad one I'm
glad to see you whole Merced don't go and
never stop appearing eh a kiss
sweetheart it is not confirmed well let's see it is
not confirmed that she has
accepted okay it is not confirmed that
this does not mean that she will accept
this means that the production company is going to
try at least
okay this source this This is
100% reliable Eh This is 100% reliable This is like that
okay this does not mean that
she has accepted
or rather this is not an announcement that she is
going This is not this does not mean that
she is going this means that they are going to
offer it to her of course what is
happening what she wants from Friday is a
package that would include
an interview with
Yuji by
video call from
Thailand with his appearance on set the
following week
most
likely very
likely this package could be
worth more than 100,000 euros
if at this
pack will
any
testimony from one of her
children be added the pack would
go up to a
higher price than what has been
raised in the last 5 days with the
work of the entire sanctuary team
and moa on
kik and
this is the info that exists ok this is
currently being negotiated and will it be or not we'll
see ok will it be or not
personally I think it's quite
likely that she will accept it ok this is already
a personal opinion ok so say
eh This is a personal opinion I think
she is going to accept ok we are
talking about a program that pays very
well ok And and I think that at least the
main package will be done ok about
100000 euros Maybe a little more for
two interviews one will be remote
ok And then yuji on set ok so
what tele5 intends is to
turn it into a Lore this and be
tied up for not several weeks with the matter
ok as far as Frank and his
children are concerned ok as far as Fran and
his children are concerned then I can tell you no there will
not be that package
in which they are going to participate in
tele5 ok yeah  I tell you that if it comes to that, I
think
she would answer
okay but not on
Tele5 you know that Fran only speaks
in one medium and on one channel
and that is my prediction okay
and on the third Friday the couple well
that has not been considered Pilar But look I do
n't see it as very crazy
no no warlock I'm not talking about Hormiguero
of
course No man I'm not talking about
Hormiguero Yui will spend it for a month let's
see personally eh I hope I'm wrong
okay I hope I'm wrong but no I don't think
that will be the case okay I think
she is interested and given the
signs personally based on the
experience I have commenting on this
type of topics Eh well I would
even dare to say that she is already
preparing the machinery no And the
campaign And we are talking about
a lot of money and of course taking into account that she
wants
money taking into account that she wants money
why would she be throwing barbs
on her
Instagram account or giving free interviews
in the world eh if she can take 100,000
pavet
Then I see it quite likely that
she will
accept it already  I tell you eh No, it's not
[Music]
a no is not a confirmation that she's
going there eh I mean yes I can tell you
from a fairly reliable source that she's
offered
and that they're in negotiations now
well it does
n't mean that she's going to accept
Okay now
well I think she's going to
accept let's see I don't think it's like the
intention is to sink Frank as such like
her purpose is to unite him okay but yes it
could be that she's going to enter eh she's
going to enter into a media war with
him and here the issue is money
okay she will go or not depending on what they
pay her Of course but the thing is that we know that we
know that there is a lot of money on Fridays
so I sincerely the truth I'm already
telling you even Some numbers
that balance okay okay I mean
here we are talking about
money we have seen a lot of people from
Fridays who would not go in some
situations would not go to this type of
programs no way and we have seen that
on Fridays
Yes but well we will see what
happens
eh how bad money is eh How bad
money is No man 200,000 warlock I don't
think so no  no to 200,000 I don't think they will get to
see if the package included Fran and
the children
yes
but let's see what I can guarantee you
without fear of being wrong It
is
[Music]
that it is not TR in that package and that
the children are not either at least the two
children well the daughter is a minor the daughter is not either of course damn I'm
stupid I think they are not going to stop of course let's
see
this you see you see Well,
about Fran What I would do would be to
report her and have her prove How
she paid the
sanctuary Merche the sanctuary is in her
name and we can't get ahead of ourselves what
she is going to say once we see
what she says then we will know if you
can sue or not it's
clear Yes Dani we just put the click
the subscriber count was more
than 27,000 I think it's pretty good
one of my one of my fears says yire
Have you spoken to Fran about this what Go what is
going on Fran spoke to me in the morning
to ask me if I had arrived
safely and that more or less because he knew
the time that I was supposed to arrive in
Spain eh what have you arrived no  I know how much and I
told him yes that's it, I mean I
answered him when I was getting the
car from the Madrid parking lot
and he didn't talk anymore, let's see, I understand that
Fran will be in
bed I understand that Fran will be
in bed they'll wake up for a couple of hours
for sure but
well he stayed up early in the morning to
close the live yes I'm going to have a drink I'm going
to eat something
and and I'm going to the salseria to see the
kids to see how they're
behaving quasar let's see Kick pays
next month he's not going to pay him
tomorrow I mean Fran has raised the money
obviously he's raised it no but
eh He's not going to pay him tomorrow I mean you
YouTube and Twitch and these platforms don't
pay you tomorrow they
pay you YouTube it's the 22nd kck I don't know
what day it
is so well
eh regular
news regular
news the truth is
regular news and
honestly Fran doesn't like
this Fran doesn't like this being the
protagonist of one of these types of
salsas
But I hope I'm wrong but it seems to me that let's
see it's that realize that it
's not for nothing but she's already
talking for
free me  you
understand She is already
free then taking into account the
thirst she has for money and that she is already
talking for free if you are telling me that they are
going to offer her money for a
tenth but money money also
eh I mean yes yes we are talking about
100,000 falling
for sure it is that I do not think she will deny it
the
unfortunate truth for her children already
but if the move here is that she
wants money and she is already talking for
free How does your body feel
Javi
M is that it does not surprise me the truth
because it is like a kind of
pattern that we have already seen it is that it has
not surprised me
at all not even the
Instagram story but absolutely not at
all I mean it
is always the same
steps it is always the same
steps
So what I tell you, well, there will be nothing, we will have to
see it
coming and we will have to
see what he says and based on
what he says then Fran will enter or he will not
enter Fran I do not think he will
shut up Fran I do not think he will shut up it
seems that everyone
reads the same manual but it is
literal eh I mean it is literal  but it
's the same manual and also with the
clumsiness no
and and also with the clumsiness because of course
eh when things are lies Well there are
the contradictions no and it turns out
that you find there's a message in
which he thanks him for the support There are other
interviews okay we could look I
remember for example one that he gave in the
olola it would be a matter of going now
looking
okay It would be a matter of going now looking for
these interviews of what he has done
with him in the Hol he did a
photo report so well guys whatever we'll
see coming I'm going to eat something okay
And I'm going there for a while to the salsera
Okay I don't know if you read Fran
talking about Yuji very well better not to get it heated no
Javi what do you think nasti well of
course yes yes yes I yes you tell me
that I don't talk about this subject and and
the atmosphere calms down and he pays him his money
that he earned in K and gives him the sanctuary
well I tell you I would love to
fulfill it but of course it's that I have the
feeling that Yuji doesn't
care if I talk or if he talks
Manolete you know first of all people
obviously just because I keep quiet
the rest won't stay quiet That's very clear
because it's the topic that's hot right now
and there are a lot of people talking about
this topic in fact I think it's the
topic that's hot right now in August there isn't
much more you know
and I think that Yui has more or less her
intentions
eh pretty decided
eh I think that Yuli
has already pretty
decided on the steps she wants to take eh
man I would never
imagine I would never imagine Fran eh
[Music]
starring starring in a gossip show
like that you know what It's that I had Yui
really into man you
know I had her really into her
but because of the things that he's
always been talking about her I mean I had her really into her
like you know like a Saint I
had her really into her So the thing is I didn't
expect this story at all
eh I didn't expect this story
like that I knew somethings that there was some
problem but that escalates like that
and honestly you know what this maybe I'm
going to be wrong eh I don't know I
still have  I doubt that everything he's
doing is because he's a bad person,
man, I mean, I have my doubts that he's because he's a
bad
person and I think it could be
more because maybe he's a person who's
not
well, who's not well. Right now you
give me the feeling, okay. Why, well, because,
yes,
because I don't see that they are movements of
a bad person in the sense of being
calculating and cold, there's a lot of clumsiness in
the publications that he's having and in
the contradictions, okay, I mean, he's
lying about things that are quickly
dismantled, you know, and that's what makes you
worse than you telling a lie that in 5
minutes they can do like that with a screenshot
and make you look terrible, you
know, and put one thing in some
comments and in another comment put
something
different, you
know. So I don't know if he's a bad
person or if he
's a person who's not
well, then the ideal would be to have someone
who can give you some
good advice. But if they give you bad advice,
no. I mean, you would advise your
partner not to take the path that is
most interesting to them, no, and that is best
for their happiness and their family, no, but
of course this path at the moment. It seems that
the children do not agree
with this
path It seems that the children do not
agree with this path and what
Mara Solano has put I totally
agree because there is no reality, he is
improvising, of course, let's see, he is improvising
but more or less the steps are
marked And I think that even decided
okay Hey, a TV This is, you know,
but there are contradictions and there are things that
when you do not tell the truth, they catch you
here in this other one, I renounce such and such
no people, I'm going okay, I'm going to eat something and I'm
going to the salsera for a while, I think Okay,
now I will confirm it to you through the
WhatsApp group Thank you very much for having been
here with me Let's try to
give telesalseo a go again, okay,
sincerely, August is a bit of a
strange month, you already know that yet I will surely
escape some dillas with the family
for sure Okay, when a few days have passed and
I get used to the
schedule again and rest and all that Okay,
then I will surely go again with the
family for sure Well, I don't know what day,
okay, I'll see But before how about No,
but in September when I go back  to
the routine that the children have school
and all that stuff, well, we're going to
try to get the three channels back
quite powerful that now on
vacation. Well, I have less time,
the children are on vacation too and I
also have to tell you okay And I think it's
okay for me to tell you this but I
have to tell you that I was talking
to Marina because she was calling me She
was talking to me when I was on my way
when I was on my way to the sanctuary
Marina spoke to me and I was talking to
her and well Marina is already thinking about
you So maybe
we'll have some
news soon okay Anyway, let's see, I'll try to keep up
the rhythm Go back to
raising telesalseo and
give it again cane and content every
day. Eh, they didn't fail as many days as we've been
doing lately but of course
we're a bit on vacation okay
Remember Sancho's sentence, I
already have it in mind and yire it would
probably be before if I leave it would probably be before
a couple of nights or three okay
eh And apart from that, when
Sancho's sentence, well, we'll have Fran
turupa trium here, probably tomorrow he'll
program a live show with trium okay for
the
main channel he'll probably program a
live with Trium for the
main channel but here between exit well we are going to
return to the little room to the topics not to
the live ones with our Navy
our guests our Tas with these
people with Elena the lne and all the
troops Okay
and and the news Okay and the news
and the videos So nothing family
Thank you very much delighted to be here
back with you and I'm going to review
the topics Okay well if you are mu such I'm
going to rest and I'll leave it for tomorrow
but a kiss I hope you have
enjoyed this live kiss
family
[Music]